README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi, I’m Jake!
Full Stack Engineer proficient in JavaScript, React and Ruby on Rails! With a background in purchasing and logistics, I am adept at system optimization, operational efficiencies, data analysis and relationship building.

🌱 I’m currently making improvements on a few projects, my most recent one being Stratify! An eCommerce web application. Feel free to check out the deployed version on Render! https://stratify-app.onrender.com/

#### 📫 How to reach me
- LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacob-yaw-428364258/
- email - jalexjaw@gmail.com
---
### Skills
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ruby/ruby-plain.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rails/rails-plain-wordmark.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" />


<!---
Huntysaurus/Huntysaurus is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Update README.md to focus on game design

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi, I’m Jake!
Full Stack Engineer proficient in JavaScript, React and Ruby on Rails! I'm currently in the process of pivoting my focus into 3D game design. There's lots of learning in process including blender and unreal engine, then C++ further down the line.

🌱 Feel free to check out my capstone project from Flatiron School 2022. It's an eCommerce web application called Stratify. https://stratify-app.onrender.com/

#### 📫 How to reach me
- LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacob-yaw-428364258/
- email - jalexjaw@gmail.com
---
### Skills
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ruby/ruby-plain.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/rails/rails-plain-wordmark.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" />
<img height="5%" width="5%" align="left" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" />


<!---
Huntysaurus/Huntysaurus is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
